How do you know how much I love you?
Shen Zhuo told me
I am your husband
Since you know it later than Shen Zhuo
How long are you going to hide from me?
I'm not trying to hide it from you.
You're going to be late for this anyway
Did you really decide
Transfer all your assets to me
Liu Xixi and Xiaoji inherit
But if you marry another woman
They don't want a penny
What's up?
Do you think I'm kidding you?
No. I just can't believe it.
Hee hee and Xiao Qi are also my children.
You're not the only one who spoils grandchildren
So would I.
unexpected
I always thought your wealthy relatives were related
You after all
You also sent your big brother to Africa for Li Bai'an
It's never been okay.
Who told you who?
This is what happens when you have cancer.
Always be on guard against our haze
I sent them to break up
Just because they don't want to do business well
All day thinking about dealing with the crooked problems of the family
Wait until they've had enough introspection
Naturally they will be banned.
I see.
If you are sick, you can use your agent to go to the hospital for examination.
If it really doesn't work, let's go abroad.
Find the best equipment and doctors in the country
No matter how much it costs
It doesn't work. The cancer has spread.
Spread can also be treated conservatively
You are not for me
You are for emerging and small progress
You have to keep going